README.md, before:

# IS110
## Tasks, schoolwork and sessions that is related to the class IS-110 at UiA
This will be the main repo for differnt tasks related to differnet modules at the Object-Oriented Class IS-110 at the Univerity at Agder
Will mainly be used to create and push each weeks school work in relation to different work that is given in class

## Module 1
Module for week one, work to make a simple Console App to run and experiment with classes, variables and more. 

## Module 2
Module for week two, work to make classes with private variables and use get and set methods to change the variables
Also simple mathematical tasks to make a simple calculator

## Module 3
Modeule for week three, working on making a simple script that will take a users information and create a student-class object. 
This will then allow us to run differnt attributes in different methods required for the tasks. 

## Module 4
Module for week four is based on chapter 4 in the book "Visual C#, How to program, 6th edition" by Paul Deitel and Harvey Deitel
It covers tasts 4.9 to 4.12 after what was asked from the school

Commit message:

Commit of all tasks done
Finished all tasks, done with all the new module tasks for module 5

README.md, after:

# IS110
## Tasks, schoolwork and sessions that is related to the class IS-110 at UiA
This will be the main repo for differnt tasks related to differnet modules at the Object-Oriented Class IS-110 at the Univerity at Agder
Will mainly be used to create and push each weeks school work in relation to different work that is given in class

## Module 1
Module for week one, work to make a simple Console App to run and experiment with classes, variables and more. 

## Module 2
Module for week two, work to make classes with private variables and use get and set methods to change the variables
Also simple mathematical tasks to make a simple calculator

## Module 3
Modeule for week three, working on making a simple script that will take a users information and create a student-class object. 
This will then allow us to run differnt attributes in different methods required for the tasks. 

## Module 4
Module for week four is based on chapter 4 in the book "Visual C#, How to program, 6th edition" by Paul Deitel and Harvey Deitel
It covers tasks 4.9 to 4.12 after what was asked from the school

## Module 5
Module for week 5 is based on chapter 5 in the book "Visual C#, How to program, 6th edition" by Paul Deitel and Harvey Deitel
It covers tasks 5.3 to 5.6, 5.8, 5.9, 5.11 to 5.16 and 5.18 to 5.26
